okay
we are about to go in the haunted room
at the breaker Hotel in Cedar Point 169
it's now
like fucking stands on the ground oh my
god fucking bathroom
she hung herself on these balls right
here
what was it please here Mary
what's going here go on this bathroom
Mary we come here to see you show
yourself
I'm like oh the bathroom all my hazard
light no time come hold the door open do
we gotta call this bathroom this is
fucking creepy hold the fucking
what
okay Mary we're in here what's better if
you're here
what's your presence in this bath this
isn't is it in this room did you hang
yourself in this room say yes let's go
well can you show yourself Mary show
yourself down a bit of this hall Mary
don't be chicken show us show us your
hear me okay let's go
wait wait she is in a period it's
probably heads can't see what's a f I
just click a f where yeah I don't know I
just
what the fuck what is going across my
screen holy well it's all that shit man
you don't see sleep fucking orbs do
looking dude with you no I'm not look
come on my fingers are back here what's
going over do know I sorta fighters up I
swear to god fucking full let's go in
the bedroom and see if there's always
out here she's here okay I fucking leave
or get here by me now
Mary's here we're here to see the Mary
show yourself
see if his orbs again dude she had to
have killed herself on this fucking mug
Mary Shaw so on you did you see you I
swear to god you fucking like top to us
Mary there's always right here in the
doorway right there yeah home look on
the phone in my hands my fingers back
here you can see the orbs flying right
here watch see you look they're all
going up you see all the orbs coming
from up watch my fucking fingers are
back here
Mary see it right there come down Mary
what I want you saw up on this when I
focus it does it Mary show us yourself
right now
where's the orange Mary come over here
Mary show us the orbs right there see it
stop touching it where are you marrying
why is it so fucking hot I'm profusely
sweating Mary it should be cold in here
so it's worth so it's cold out if she's
fucking come on let's go let's go home